

## Connection Parameters

The following table lists the connection parameters currently supported for use with the `Teradata SQL Extension for Jupyter`.

The goal of the underlying driver is to provide consistency with the connection parameters offered by the Teradata JDBC Driver, in terms of both parameter names and functionality.  For more details on the use of these parameters, see the Teradata JDBC Driver connection parameters [documented here](https://downloads.teradata.com/doc/connectivity/jdbc/reference/current/jdbcug_chapter_2.html#BGBHDDGB).


Parameter          | Default     | Type              | Description
------------------ | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------
`account`          |             | string            | Specifies the Teradata Database account. Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `ACCOUNT` connection parameter.
`cop`              | `"true"`    | boolean           | Specifies whether COP Discovery is performed.  Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `COP` connection parameter.
`coplast`          | `"false"`   | boolean           | Specifies how COP Discovery determines the last COP hostname. Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `COPLAST` connection parameter. When `coplast` is `false` or omitted, or COP Discovery is turned off, then no DNS lookup occurs for the coplast hostname. When `coplast` is `true`, and COP Discovery is turned on, then a DNS lookup occurs for a coplast hostname.
`dbs_port`         | `"1025"`    | integer           | Specifies the Teradata Database port number. Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `DBS_PORT` connection parameter.
`encryptdata`      | `"true"`    | boolean           | Controls encryption of data exchanged between the Teradata Database and the Teradata SQL Driver. Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `ENCRYPTDATA` connection parameter. It is not recommended that encryption be disabled.
`log`              | `"0"`       | integer or string | Controls driver debug logging. Somewhat equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `LOG` connection parameter. This parameter's behavior is subject to change in the future. This parameter's value is currently defined as an integer in which the 1-bit governs function and method tracing, the 2-bit governs debug logging, and the 4-bit governs transmit and receive message hex dumps, and the 8-bit governs timing.  Compose the value by adding together 1, 2, 4, and/or 8.  Alternatively, specify the semi-colon separate values of `Debug`, `Function`, `Hex` and/or `Timing` (e.g. "log=Debug;Function").
`logdata`          |             | string            | Specifies extra data for the chosen logon authentication method. Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `LOGDATA` connection parameter.
`logmech`          | `"TD2"`     | string            | Specifies the logon authentication method. Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `LOGMECH` connection parameter. Supported values are `BROWSER`, `KRB5`,`LDAP`, `TD2`, or `TDNEGO`. Values are case-insensitive.<br/>&bull; `BROWSER` uses Browser Authentication, supported for Windows and macOS.<br/>&bull; `KRB5` uses Kerberos V5.<br/>&bull; `LDAP` uses Lightweight Directory Access Protocol.<br/>&bull; `TD2` uses Teradata Method 2.<br/>&bull; `TDNEGO` automatically selects the appropriate logon authentication method.
`sip_support`      | `"true"`    | boolean           | Controls whether StatementInfo parcel is used. Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `SIP_SUPPORT` connection parameter.
`tmode`            | `"DEFAULT"` | string            | Specifies the transaction mode. Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `TMODE` connection parameter. Possible values are `DEFAULT`, `ANSI`, or `TERA` (values must be uppercase).
`sslmode`          | `"PREFER"`  | string            | Specifies the mode for connections to the Teradata Database. Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `SSLMODE` connection parameter. Values are case-insensitive.<br/>&bull; `DISABLE` disables HTTPS/TLS connections and uses only non-TLS connections.<br/>&bull; `ALLOW` uses non-TLS connections unless the Teradata Database requires HTTPS/TLS connections.<br/>&bull; `PREFER` uses HTTPS/TLS connections unless the Teradata Database does not offer HTTPS/TLS connections.<br/>&bull; `REQUIRE` uses only HTTPS/TLS connections.<br/>&bull; `VERIFY-CA` uses only HTTPS/TLS connections and verifies that the server certificate is valid and trusted.<br/>&bull; `VERIFY-FULL` uses only HTTPS/TLS connections, verifies that the server certificate is valid and trusted, and verifies that the server certificate matches the Teradata Database hostname.
`sslca`            |             | string            | Specifies the file name of a PEM file that contains Certificate Authority (CA) certificates for use with `sslmode` or `oidc_sslmode` values `VERIFY-CA` or `VERIFY-FULL`. Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `SSLCA` connection parameter.
`sslcapath`        |             | string            | Specifies a directory of PEM files that contain Certificate Authority (CA) certificates for use with `sslmode` or `oidc_sslmode` values `VERIFY-CA` or `VERIFY-FULL`. Only files with an extension of `.pem` are used. Other files in the specified directory are not used. Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `SSLCAPATH` connection parameter.
